1.	Check the designation of Sir (as in video).
2.	We, the members of the RDPS fraternity, express our profound sorrow and grief over the sad passing of our beloved chairman, Shri K C Garg Ji. He was the founder of the Seth Pokhar Mal Educational Society, a distinguished educator, a doyen of school education and the mind behind the creation and establishment of several institutes of repute under the brand name "Rukmini Devi."
3.	The view of images under the category 'Tech Champions' and 'Distinguished guests' should be appropriate as the pictures are in half view and are visible only after moving the cursor on the particular image.
4.	We firmly believe that technology has the power to transform lives and the globe. It has altered how people live, work, play and connect during the previous few decades. The geniuses in the field of technology have made enormous contributions to the nation's overall development. The inter-school IT competition "Digilogous" was started in 2014 to honour the talents of great technologists and to foster the use of information and communication technology in diverse disciplines of science, agriculture, defence, entertainment, etc. This tech symposium has had seven incredibly fruitful years to date. On November 5, 2022, we, at RDPS, are ready to host Digilogous 8.0 in an Offline mode. 
5.	Please add: Glimpses from the last 6 and 7 edition, last year winners, testimonials of previous editions and add the scanned images of testimonials (refer Dossiers and the school website).
6.	Add: Event name and tagline such as Binocular: IT Fancy Dress Competition on each image. It should be visible on the home page (even without clicking on it).
7.	Revise general instructions and add the logo of DG along with the school building.
8.	Update the event details as mentioned in the approved brochure shared with schools.
9.	Please remove the names of 'Event Coordinators' from the 'Contact Us' section and ensure that the names and the contact numbers are of the respective Event coordinator mentioned in event details.
.	Please add a watermark of DG in the pages other than the home page.
.	In school registration form, please note the changes:
•	Font of 0 (8.0)
•	Point 4 in Guidelines In case an event is not opted by the school, kindly mention NA, while filling the student details.
